#LyX 2.2 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 508
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass book
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Standard
Based on the needs of the users and the goals of the system, as described
 in Chapter 1, the following interaction scenarios are proposed for Teo2.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsubsection
Talk2Teo
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset CommandInset include
LatexCommand input
filename "talk2Teo.lyx"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsubsection
MarcoPolo
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Marcopolo is a simple game that consists of the following: among a group
 of people one is selected to be blindfolded and whose objective would be
 to catch someone else.
 In order to do that, the only cue that can be use to guide the blindfolded
 person is based on a call, made by the searcher, saying 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Marco!
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 to which the others respond 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Polo!
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

.
 Thus, based on the sound the blindfolded person must move around following
 the responses until he catches someone.
 The call can be used as many time it is needed for the game to finish.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
This scenario is based on this game.
 In this way, Teo can be used also to develop games that allow the children
 to get used to interact with Teo while explointing the nature of the interactio
n to incorporate tasks that target the development and improvement of some
 skills that can be useful.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Now, two versions of the interaction scenario are presented, being the second
 an extension of the original game to incorporate spatial and mapping relations
 tasks for the children to practice such skills.
 The first one, instead, tries to replicate the dynamic of the original
 Marcopolo game with Teo trying to reach the child.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Paragraph
Version 1
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset CommandInset include
LatexCommand input
filename "marcoPolo1.lyx"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Paragraph
Version 2
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset CommandInset include
LatexCommand input
filename "marcoPolo2.lyx"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
